I’m like a vessel, and God has chosen me to be the voice and the connector.

I get to represent somebody I don’t think is getting represented right now. The regular dude: the guy who believes in God but still likes pussy. You know what I mean? The person that would spend his last [dollar] to try to get a hot car, not the person who says ‘Oh, we don’t buy, we just lease’ or the person who’s like ‘Oh, I have so many cars I could crash a car every day’ and shit.

I'm the rap version of Dave Chappelle. I'm not sayin' I'm nearly as talented as Chappelle when it comes to political and social commentary, but like him, I'm laughing to keep from crying.

I'm a pop enigma. I live and breathe every element in life. I rock a bespoke suit and I go to Harold's for fried chicken. It's all these things at once, because, as a taste maker, I find the best of everything. There's certain things that black people are the best at and certain things that white people are the best at. Whatever we as black people are the best at, I'ma go get that. Like, on Christmas I don't want any food that tastes white. And when I go to purchase a house, I don't want my credit to look black.

Someone could be a better rapper, dance better. But culturally impacting? When you look back at these four and a half years, who's the icon at the end of the day? Who broke down color barriers? What other black guy would a white person use as a fashion reference?

Dog, VIBE only gave my album a 4! I know my shit is better than a 4. A horrible album with just ‘Jesus Walks’ on it is a 4! C’mon dog, the demo version was a 5! You need to rate it again, but you’ll have to create a new rating system.

It’s like this, by not giving my album a classic rating, you diminish your magazine’s credibility. And that’s real.

Anyone who doesn't give [The College Dropout] a perfect score is lowering the integrity of the magazine.


To go gold or platinum to have songs that are respected across the board, to have some sort of influence on the culture and to change the sound of music and inspire up-and-coming artists to go against the grain.



Come on now! How could you be me and want to be someone else?

"I just think that when my confidence meets other people’s insecurity, that equals ‘Kanye’s arrogant.


Your titties, let em out, free at last. Thank God almighty, they free at last

And what’s a black Beatle anyway, a fucking roach. I guess that’s why they got me sitting in fucking coach

The plan was, to drink until the pain over. But what’s worse, the pain or the hangover ?